Update api-management-multi-region-concepts.md (#112211)
Azure/azure-content: includes/api-management-multi-region-concepts.md

* Gateway configurations such as APIs and policy definitions are regularly synchronized between the primary and secondary regions you add. Multi-region deployment provides availability of the API gateway in more than one region and provides service availability if one region goes offline.

> * When API Management receives public HTTP requests to the traffic manager endpoint(applies for external vnet and none modes of Apim), traffic is routed to a regional gateway based on lowest latency, which can reduce latency experienced by geographically distributed API consumers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When API Management receives public HTTP requests to the traffic manager endpoint (applies for the external VNet and non-networked modes of API Management), traffic is routed to a regional gateway based on lowest latency, which can reduce latency experienced by geographically distributed API consumers. 
```

Reviewer: Minor editorial suggestion
